README.md, before:

# Master Project Bullets (through June 2024)

## CS475 — Performance-Focused C++ (C++) — [CS475](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/CS475)
tags: [systems, performance, c++]
- Implemented compute‑intensive programs with careful memory layout and cache‑aware data structures, improving runtime by <N>% on <benchmark>.
- Profiled alternatives (Oprofile/Perf/Timers) and selected the fastest approach for <task>, cutting execution time from <X>s to <Y>s.
- Wrote Makefile targets and sanity tests to prevent regressions; documented trade‑offs between clarity and speed.

## CS344 — Systems Programming in C (C) — [CS344](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/CS344)
tags: [systems, c, unix, concurrency]
- Built multi‑process utilities using fork/exec, pipes, and signals; hardened error handling for robust I/O under failure.
- Implemented signal‑safe logic and defensive checks to avoid deadlocks and resource leaks; improved reliability under stress tests.
- Added scripts and documentation to standardize builds, runtime flags, and test runs across environments.

## OSU‑cs312 — Final Project: Terraform/IaC (HCL) — [OSU-cs312-sp23-FinalProject](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/OSU-cs312-sp23-FinalProject)
tags: [cloud, devops, terraform, iac]
- Provisioned cloud resources using Terraform modules and remote state for reproducible environments; codified variables and outputs.
- Established fmt/validate/plan workflow and deployment docs; reduced setup time from <H> hours to <T> minutes across machines.
- Parameterized environments (dev/prod) and documented drift detection and minimal blast‑radius changes.

## CS493 — Backend Web Development (JavaScript/Node)
tags: [backend, web, node, rest, auth]
- Designed RESTful endpoints with input validation and structured error handling; improved average response time by <M>% on <endpoint>.
- Implemented auth/authorization (sessions/JWT) and protected routes; reduced 4xx errors by <P>% via stricter validation.
- Added logging and basic metrics; prepared services for deployment with environment configuration and health checks.

## CS492 — Android (Kotlin) — [Assignments org index](https://github.com/osu-cs492-w23)
tags: [android, kotlin, mobile]
- Built Android features using activities/fragments, RecyclerView, and ViewModel‑based state; added view binding and lifecycle safety.
- Implemented networking/persistence patterns (e.g., coroutines/Room or alternatives) with user‑friendly error handling.
- Improved UI responsiveness and reduced crash rate by <Q>% via input validation and null‑safety guards.

## cs440 — Database Management Systems (C++) — [cs440](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/cs440)
tags: [backend, systems, c++, databases]
- Implemented DBMS primitives (e.g., storage/indexing/query) with attention to algorithmic complexity and memory usage.
- Wrote micro‑benchmarks and tests to validate correctness and performance under edge cases and skewed data distributions.

## cs491 — Advanced C++ Coursework (C++) — [cs491](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/cs491)
tags: [c++, algorithms, systems]
- Built C++ modules emphasizing RAII, STL, and strong typing; refactored code to reduce undefined behavior and improve clarity.
- Applied profiling and assertions to harden implementations; documented complexity and trade‑offs.

## CS370 — Python Coursework (Python) — [CS370](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/CS370)
tags: [python, scripting, testing]
- Developed modular Python scripts with clear interfaces and unit tests; validated edge cases and baseline performance.
- Automated data processing tasks and added simple benchmarks to guide optimization decisions.

## Algorithms — Course Project (C) — [Algorithms](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/Algorithms)
tags: [algorithms, c, data-structures]
- Implemented classic algorithms (sorting/search/graphs) with small test harnesses; compared implementations by time/space complexity.
- Documented trade‑offs and correctness proofs for core routines.

## Landingpage — Course Project (JavaScript) — [Landingpage](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/Landingpage)
tags: [web, frontend, javascript]
- Built a responsive landing page with accessible markup and clear content hierarchy; streamlined assets for faster loads.
- Iterated UI copy and layout based on stakeholder feedback; simplified structure for maintainability.

## CS290 — Web Foundations (HTML/CSS/JS) — [Assignments org index](https://github.com/osu-cs290-f20)
tags: [web, frontend]
- Built semantic, accessible pages; added client‑side interactivity via DOM events and modular JS.
- Implemented forms and validation with responsive layouts across breakpoints.

## CS494 — Full‑Stack Topics (JavaScript) — [Assignments org index](https://github.com/osu-cs494-w23)
tags: [backend, web, auth, deployment]
- Implemented data modeling and validation; added protected endpoints and session/JWT flows.
- Prepared apps for deployment with logging, error handling, and environment configuration.

Commit message:

Refine README content for clarity and efficiency

README.md, after:

# Master Project Bullets (through June 2024)

## CS475 — Performance-Focused C++ (C++) — [CS475](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/CS475)
tags: [systems, performance, c++]
- Implemented compute‑intensive programs with careful memory layout and cache‑aware data structures, improving runtime efficiency.
- Profiled alternative approaches (Oprofile/Perf/Timers) and adopted the fastest design for key tasks, reducing execution time.
- Wrote Makefile targets and sanity tests to prevent regressions; documented trade‑offs between clarity and speed.

## CS344 — Systems Programming in C (C) — [CS344](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/CS344)
tags: [systems, c, unix, concurrency]
- Built multi‑process utilities using fork/exec, pipes, and signals; hardened error handling for reliable I/O under failure.
- Implemented signal‑safe logic and defensive checks to avoid deadlocks and resource leaks; improved reliability under stress tests.
- Added scripts and documentation to standardize builds, runtime flags, and test runs across environments.

## OSU‑cs312 — Final Project: Terraform/IaC (HCL) — [OSU-cs312-sp23-FinalProject](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/OSU-cs312-sp23-FinalProject)
tags: [cloud, devops, terraform, iac]
- Provisioned cloud resources using Terraform modules and remote state for reproducible environments; codified variables and outputs.
- Established fmt/validate/plan workflow and deployment docs; streamlined setup and reduced manual steps.
- Parameterized environments (dev/prod) and documented drift detection and minimal blast‑radius changes.

## CS493 — Backend Web Development (JavaScript/Node)
tags: [backend, web, node, rest, auth]
- Designed RESTful endpoints with input validation and structured error handling; improved API responsiveness and clarity.
- Implemented authentication/authorization (sessions/JWT) and protected routes; reduced client errors and unauthorized access issues.
- Added logging and basic metrics; prepared services for deployment with environment configuration and health checks.

## CS492 — Android (Kotlin) — [Assignments org index](https://github.com/osu-cs492-w23)
tags: [android, kotlin, mobile]
- Built Android features using activities/fragments, RecyclerView, and ViewModel‑based state; added view binding and lifecycle safety.
- Implemented networking/persistence patterns (e.g., coroutines/Room or alternatives) with user‑friendly error handling.
- Improved UI responsiveness and reduced crash rate through input validation and null‑safety guards.

## cs440 — Database Management Systems (C++) — [cs440](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/cs440)
tags: [backend, systems, c++, databases]
- Implemented DBMS primitives (e.g., storage/indexing/query) with attention to algorithmic complexity and memory usage.
- Wrote micro‑benchmarks and tests to validate correctness and performance under edge cases and skewed data distributions.

## cs491 — Advanced C++ Coursework (C++) — [cs491](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/cs491)
tags: [c++, algorithms, systems]
- Built C++ modules emphasizing RAII, STL, and strong typing; refactored code to reduce undefined behavior and improve clarity.
- Applied profiling and assertions to harden implementations; documented complexity and trade‑offs.

## CS370 — Python Coursework (Python) — [CS370](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/CS370)
tags: [python, scripting, testing]
- Developed modular Python scripts with clear interfaces and unit tests; validated edge cases and baseline performance.
- Automated data processing tasks and added simple benchmarks to guide optimization decisions.

## Algorithms — Course Project (C) — [Algorithms](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/Algorithms)
tags: [algorithms, c, data-structures]
- Implemented classic algorithms (sorting/search/graphs) with small test harnesses; compared implementations by time/space complexity.
- Documented trade‑offs and correctness proofs for core routines.

## Landingpage — Course Project (JavaScript) — [Landingpage](https://github.com/Randy-Osborn/Landingpage)
tags: [web, frontend, javascript]
- Built a responsive landing page with accessible markup and clear content hierarchy; streamlined assets for faster loads.
- Iterated UI copy and layout based on stakeholder feedback; simplified structure for maintainability.

## CS290 — Web Foundations (HTML/CSS/JS) — [Assignments org index](https://github.com/osu-cs290-f20)
tags: [web, frontend]
- Built semantic, accessible pages; added client‑side interactivity via DOM events and modular JS.
- Implemented forms and validation with responsive layouts across breakpoints.

## CS494 — Full‑Stack Topics (JavaScript) — [Assignments org index](https://github.com/osu-cs494-w23)
tags: [backend, web, auth, deployment]
- Implemented data modeling and validation; added protected endpoints and session/JWT flows.
- Prepared apps for deployment with logging, error handling, and environment configuration.
